The teams that close, the customers are
off the deal when it closes. They keep
it for a year, year and a half. We will
continue to evolve that. But the set of
people that get new accounts are
completely distinct from the set of
people that are growing existing
accounts, honestly, it's a different
skill. The person that is managing an
account that's spending $50 million a
year, that person's a manager. They have
20 people. This is a big complicated
beast where you have to learn. Often
these folks, our folks know the
architecture of their customer. often
better than the customer because they
talk to everybody within the company. I
see. And the folks in the first group,
they're still sales, right? They're both
sales. Are they they need to have a more
technical background to be real and
expert in everything across the
enterprise? I tell I have a lot of these
conversations with sales folks. I tell
them you have to be able to have a
credible conversation with either a
business executive Yeah. or somebody
that is technical and be able to distill
out what's the problem that really
matters to them. Yeah. And how
Snowflake, you need to know that much
pattern matching. You don't need to know
what's like the technology. So for
example, with Snowflake, you can upload
a bunch of PDFs or images and do things
like image recognition. You know, you
want to do receipt totals. Not a
problem. You can just upload stuff. You
do that. As a salesperson, you don't
need to know that's a tilt model. That's
7 billion parameters that Snowflake
developed. That's all blah blah blah.
But you need to know hey if you want to
extract
like numbers from a bunch of PDF
contracts can do that. So it's like you
need to know the application of
technology to business. Those are our
best account exams.
Hey everybody, this episode is brought
to you by Adio, the AI native CRM. Just
connect your email and Adio instantly
builds a powerful CRM with every company
contact and interaction you've ever had.
Get 15% off your first year. That's 15%
off your first year at atio.com/saster.
That's addio.com/saster.
[Music]
But we've got a treat.
We asked folks last year what they most
wanted to see this year and they said a
board meeting. They said they most
wanted to see a board meeting. That was
what they had. They'd seen everything
else. A lot of scaling revenue. So, um,
so we've got this. So, obviously,
everyone knows Snowflake, although many
folks may not know as much about
Snowflake as they think I did. We'll
tell some stories, but it's pretty
interesting. Not only Jeremy, you've
been on the board, right? Since before
Sweetheart was acquired, right, since
the beginning. That's right. I'm Since
pre-revenue, actually. Since
pre-revenue. Okay. So, you know, longer
than anyone should be on a board, but on
board. And we'll get into it. Jeremy's
one of the most esteemed
GDM executives in I mean you were EVP at
Oracle, president at Semantic, ran half
of EMC. Did I mean pretty much
everywhere you've run some part of it
that's a big enterprise leader. Is that
right? No, that's right. Yeah. Okay. And
then we're going to talk about it, but
is pretty interesting. We'll talk about
Snowflake, but his little startup was
acquired by Snowflake for a billion
dollars, right? which seemed like a lot
of money back then. Do I have that right
if I remember? Sadly, it wasn't a
billion dollar. It wasn't. I thought it
was. Well, everyone's uniform today. It
wasn't a billion dollar. And then you
became the CEO. So, we It's really
interesting. Founder CEO, but not
founder CEO is a very interesting
perspective and we've got the board. So,
it's a unique dynamic. Um so I want to
use this to talk about
we've talked about nothing but AI but
the few snowflakes thinking a lot about
this right I mean few have been more
successful in the explosion of the cloud
than snowflake we'll talk about it but
few are thinking more about the
disruption right from AI today right and
for folks that know a little bit less
about observe interesting too and also
the other dynamic is if this is a
partner relationship that's right this I
forgot the third dimension so Jeremy was
on the board Snowflake before it
started, right? Observe now is a key
Snowflake partner. Snowflake is a
significant investor in Observe and
Observe in part is an observability
platform on top of Snowflake. Right.
That's right. I get the inside scoop on
how good we are as a partner. You do.
Right. So, I want to talk I want at
least in our time that we have I want to
touch a little bit on observability.
Over the years since we started disaster
we've had and I'm not a total expert but
we had Lucerni in the beginning really
new relic in its day was was incredible
right we had Olivier came from Data Dog
when it hit 100 million that seems like
forever ago right Jody Bonsil's been
here twice with app dynamics and then it
seemed like things were quiet right and
then it's reexloded right it's reexloded
I don't know why so maybe we'll get into
that too yeah I can help with that
but maybe to set to set the stage
there's a bunch of stuff I want to ask,
but I'll tell a story. And by the way, I
I hope it's a lot of hands. How many
folks here have used Snowflake or their
team uses Snowflake in some capacity?
Okay, that's good. Thank you. That's
good. I think it's badass. I will just
tell you a story and maybe we can use
this to learn about the future. One of
the Did anyone see Marshelle from Mango
Man? She was the VP of sales of the
salon software company. So, she's really
good, right? So, her co's here. They're
a 20 millionaire. They do software for
salons and spas, but he is a data
engineer by background. And he had this
funny thing. He was wondering if his
best sales reps were really his best
sales reps. And he goes into Salesforce
like we do to the dashboard and he sorts
and and uh uh and Jason and Jeremy at
the top and Sriar is down sort of at the
bottom and he thinks he knows the answer
and but he's a data engineer. exports
data, puts it in Snowflake, figures out
how to run a report, takes a few
minutes, which we'll get into, but finds
out maybe an obvious but profound
learning from putting the data into
Snowflake, which is that his top reps
were some of his worst reps. Why?
Because, bear in mind, it's SMB, they
had the highest churn. They had the
highest churn because they were pushing
deals through, they were so good at
sales, they were so his top reps were
not his top reps. So, one metatopic for
Snowflake is talking to your AI, right?
which you used to need a D maybe you
still need a data scientist and a data
engineer and the whole team but tell us
like
versions of that story and where will
where's Snowflake going in 2026 in this
age of AI where's it going yeah I mean
first of all Snowflake is the AI data
cloud meaning we basically want to be a
cloud computing platform centered on
data whatever you want to do with it
obviously there's simple stuff like
analysis you bring some data in We want
to make it easier for people to bring
that data in. We're going to release a
pile of new connectors.
But then analytics is what we were
always known for. Infinitely scalable
analytics, difficult ones, everything
from AML to predicting next best action
or as you pointed out detection.
But for us, AI is a big unlock as far as
getting value from data goes. If we can
make any business user be able to ask
questions off of data quickly, that's a
big plus. You just showed me your
chatbot on your website. It's pretty
amazing. If you folks haven't tried it,
you should. But now imagine being able
to do that on every data set that your
company has. That's sort of that sort of
thing. And the pieces to do that are
already there. And the next steps then
are going to be okay, how do you stitch
these data flows together? If you're a
salesperson and you want to make a new
pitch for a use case to your customer,
you want to know perhaps like what are
open use cases that other customers like
this have deployed that this person
should. You also want to make sure you
know the latest about what's going on.
How do you bring that into a single
experience? That's kind of where
Snowflake is headed, which is all of
your enterprise data, but now the
intelligence of something like Chad GPD
deep research with access to every
single data set that you have. We have a
bunch of internal examples of agents.
It's pretty magical in terms of what you
can do just by bringing it all together.
Just like I was totally blown away when
I first started using chat GPD deep
research because the ability to get a
high quality research report on a pretty
arcane topic was amazing. But I think
that is going to happen over and over
again. And that's where we are headed as
a company. And let me and I whatever the
number is, I know it's stunning. I
should know it. I've written it up. But
how many million plus customers does
Snowflake have? I know you have to do it
every quarter. It's several hundred.
Hundreds, right? Several hundred. Yeah.
7 750 maybe more. Yeah. What are they
and I'm sure it's a spectrum. That's why
I asked the question when you talk to
them today. What are they asking for you
in the age of AI? What do they want you
to do more of in the future? What are
they what are they pushing you for on? I
mean, it falls into several buckets. The
most important one tends to be how do I
get more value from the data that I
already have in Snowflake. I was talking
to the CMO of one of the biggest mobile
carriers today and he's like I have all
of this information on Snowflake. I want
to build a better detection engine if
our is going to fall off in some area.
How do I automate this process and make
it much much easier to do while others
basically go I was talking to this other
company that came together by a
lomeration 60 different companies is now
one company and that poor person's like
has 60 instances of SAP. Yeah. If you
were to ask me how much money am I
making with this one particular customer
honestly I can't tell you what can you
do to help me bring it all into a single
pane of glass those are the two extremes
of what do people want from snowflake
yeah well there's 60 I'm not it's been a
while when I was briefly a VP at Adobe I
had to install SAP locally on my windows
that was one of my worst software but I
couldn't imagine you could even
rationalize 40 instances right so that's
a winner for snowflake right there right
it's probably impossible to move to one
It's really hard to do things like that.
And part of the value we bring to the
table is we can help these folks do it
incrementally. I tell people never sign
up for five year projects. I don't if
any of my engineering or like any team
comes to me and says I have a great
idea. It's going to take 5 years to
implement. I go like this is the age of
AI. I just don't want to hear you. Talk
to me about what you can deliver next
month and next quarter. But are there
areas where you meet with them now that
12 months ago they weren't pushing you
in hard in the age of air? Are there
areas where the customers are pushing
hard they're more aware they're or even
just that they're expect I think it's
raising all of our expectations right in
terms of what they want I mean agenti is
a thing because people can interact with
the chatbot people can run that report
on chat GPD and go like but wait I want
that done on my data there's definitely
a push and we honestly try to temper
expectations in terms of making sure we
distinguish between what is doable today
versus what will be doable sometime from
now. You know, if you take a complex
process like a loan underwriting process
that takes like a set of analysts, if
you're trying to insure a $100 million
building or trying to decide whether to
make a loan like that, that's like half
a dozen people working for a week.
That's a big deal to decide a decision
like that. In cases like that, we can
probably simplify many pieces of it, but
not automate the whole thing. And so,
managing expectations is a big part of
what we have to do. But it all starts
with the data. Yeah. If you have the
data, if it's easily accessible, if you
have clean semantic information about
the data, you're already well on your
way to how do I get value from it and
there is this now hunger to do okay,
what else can I do with this? Yeah. And
so, and I want to come back to a bunch
of that, but but Jeremy, so when was
Observe founded before Snowflake or Snow
or before you joined the board? No, it
was Yeah, I joined late 2018. Late 2018.
Okay. And then because partnerships
they're they're always interesting and
they're always sort of what they look
like on the outside but the real story
is usually more interesting right
whereas and how much of the business
today is snowflake oriented I should
know how much of observe is 100% oh it's
100% there's no other platforms you're
you're tied committed good bad and ugly
you are you're on right and so okay and
so you join so walk through how that how
you manage that this roundtrip
relationships yeah So when we were
founded back in 20 end of 2017 actually
we had a couple of early snowflake
engineers on the founding team. I Philip
Hunterbrunner who worked on the query
engine, Vidy Maninov who did the
unstructured data support and so we were
quite predisposed to building something
on Snowflake. It was actually
controversial in the founding team and
in fact we lost a number of members of
the founding team because of that
decision say came from snowflake or
other no that didn't come from yeah so
there was a bunch of folks who had a
theory that every query had to return in
100 milliseconds
which I would like that as well but
that's just not that's just not required
in an enterprise SAS application and so
they wanted to build their own database
um probably the folks who came from
snowflake were like no why don't we
build it on snowflake
And for me, I was on board fairly
quickly because at the end of the day,
customers are not paying us really for
the database. They're paying us for the
analytics. They want to answer
questions. And so my thesis here was
quite simple in that if we've got our
engineering team adding value above the
database and we let the Snowflake team
build the database. Yeah. Then we should
be able to add more value and therefore
charge more money. If we've got half the
engineering team building a database
then we could be in trouble because
that's a long road and and many in our
space I mean a couple of the folks that
you mentioned earlier have built their
own database
and our sort of strategic decision if
you like was when we are not going to
build a database we're going to use
Snowflake and I think the most important
thing when you make that call is you
have to commit to it. Yeah. Because in
the short term, your gross margins are
going to be worse than comparative
companies because obviously you've got
to pay the snowflake bill. But if you're
committed, you'll figure out a way how
to exploit the unique features of the
platform. You'll figure out a way how to
be the most efficient application on
that platform. And look, as we sit
today, I mean, our gross margins were,
you know, with tens of millions of
revenue and the gross margins are
already up around 60%. And so can we
reach normal SAS margins 70s and 80s at
scale? Why not? But that's only come
through being committed and making sure
we are the best godamn application on
Snowflake bar none. Yeah. So there's a
big commitment there. And then on the
partnership side, it's sort of like a
sibling relationship. It's like
brothers, you know, we there's like a
lovehate relationships. You many days we
love Snowflake, sometimes we love to
hate Snowflake. But again, if you make
that decision early on that you're going
to build on a platform, you've got to
realize you are picking up a dependency.
Yeah, you have to build relationships.
Certainly technically, we were quite
fortunate in that regard. We could sort
of get bootleg bug fixes because we had
relationships engineer to engineer. It
is. It is right. It's super important.
And but then as the as the company
grows, what you realize, look, Sidar has
got this amazing like distribution
channel. And so you need relationships
not just in engineering but across the
board because we want to be able to
leverage the sales team and the access
that they have. They're a very credible
enterprise player. Where not? Can we
leverage that? Well, you're not going to
do that unless you've got the
relationships with the sales team and
they understand your value proposition
and and so and you guys are do you guys
actively crossell? Is that is that the
motion? Starting to starting. Yeah,
we're we're sort of big enough now to be
relevant and
really although our sales motion is a
little bit different, we go to sort of
DevOps and S people and I think the
Snowflake guys predominantly go to data
ops folks, Snowflake have excellent
relationships with the top people in the
organization. And so if we've got like a
warm credible introduction into an
enterprise account for a startup that's
you know 30 40 million AR that's
precious. Does Snowflake
benefit from observe deals when they're
trying to close up sales or big deals or
is it downstream or where does it happen
in the in the timing? When do folks
realize they need the platform or want
the platform the observe platform?
Yeah. I mean and buy snowflake without I
mean you buy observe without really
buying snowflake and vice versa but we
also bunch go to a set of customers
together. Yeah. Yeah, I think there's I
mean our motion we we go sell off
observe and and think of Snowflake is
sort of the the man behind the curtain.
It's it's embedded. So our users they
don't buy Snowflake. They don't log into
Snowflake. They don't even know. They
don't know they don't buy Snowflake. No
no no they they they pay for observe and
everything is included completely
embedded. But where it does play out in
the larger accounts obviously through
let's say the Snowflake marketplace an
enterprise customer may have a big
commit with Snowflake. Well, they can
actually burn down that commit by buying
Observe. So, it's a it's a huge benefit
and and this relationship works great
with like Amazon and GCP on their
marketplaces as well. Yeah. So, you know
that there is a a big benefit, you know,
to your average Snowflake rep because we
can help burn down credits that have
been sold into that account. I get the
credits. They've made the big
pre-commit, right? It helps. How does
the rep make money out of it? I don't
mean to be nerdy, but I'm curious. They
now get paid on that. I do our our reps
are based on consumption for sure.
Snowflake. Oh, even if there's
pre-commits, there's still incentive on
consumption.
Snowflake recognizes revenue only when
customers actually consume. Even if
there is a the pre-commit merely ensures
supply of credits at a certain rate, but
they actually have to consume it for us
to recognize the revenues. I'm
embarrassed to say I didn't know that. I
study Snowflake and I get the model, but
I didn't realize from a gap perspective.
So when we talk about skill Yeah. uh you
can't recognize it until it's used and
so you don't want to pay the sales reps
until the consumption is even if it's a
500k a deal a year for 5 years if they
backloaded and use it all year three
four and five you can't recognize that
ratibly over the contract we no we don't
get to ratibly recognize the contract it
is recognized when it's consumed there
are limits on you know how much you can
roll over and stuff like that but the
consumption model is fabulous because we
get paid on usage our reps are now
focused on making sure that you get
value from whatever it is that you
signed for. That's a super aligned
incentive. I'm thinking a lot of
startups might get this accounting wrong
until they go public. But let's keep
I think they might just think if I I at
least can somehow recognize most of it.
But it's interesting it it creates
incentives. I guess it's a good
incentive right you want as much data as
much workloads as much going. So what
does that I mean it relates to observe
it is interesting. So what does that
mean for your average AE? What are they
doing with the customer 3, six, nine, 12
months out? Because they're super
insided to grow that account, right?
Yeah. And so they absolutely they sell
deals to the customer. Our typical first
deals are like 50k, 100k. They tend to
start small. Yeah. And then we go in
implement the project either snowflake
or the customer or a an SI system
integrator partner. Yeah. And that
drives a certain amount of consumption,
a certain amount of value, and then they
turn around and sign a bigger contract.
Some of our biggest customers have gone
from like 0 to 1 to two to five over
space of two two and a half years. But
all of it is driven by what are use
cases you can create and uh every week
snowflake lives and dies by how many new
use cases did you create, how many did
you win, how many went live. That's the
motion that we are living. Yeah. And how
do you if I've got a great account, how
do you get the reps to like do new
accounts when all the money is in
getting their existing ones to grow?
Great question. We have completely
separate reps for acquisition. There's
so yeah there's 100% the team that
closes it is off the deal. Sorry the the
teams that close the customers are off
the deal when it closes. They keep it
for a year year and a half. We will
continue to evolve that. But the set of
people that get new accounts are
completely distinct from the set of
people that are growing existing
accounts. Honestly, it's a different
skill. The person that is managing an
account that's spending $50 million a
year, that person's a manager. They have
20 people. This is a big complicated
beast where you have to learn. Often
these folks, our folks know the
architecture of their customer often
better than the customer because they
talk to everybody within the company.
They know what the pain points are. They
make business proposals for hey, we can
do this project over here. We can make
your regulatory reporting a whole lot
simpler or we can do this other thing.
And so they are on that cadence of how
do you create value with the customer.
Then we have a different team that's
focused on, you know, us winning five
600 new logos every I see. And the folks
in the first group, they're still sales,
right? They're both sales. Are they they
need to have a more technical background
to be real and expert in everything
across the enterprise. So we do have
solution engineers. So we have uh both
account executives as well as solution
engineers. But honestly, you have to be
pretty technical today to succeed
because your customer is going to ask
you about agenti. Yeah. You can't white
code your way through answering what
agenti can do for the customer. It's
hard. So they have we're on the spectrum
of being technical for sales. How
technical do you think you have to be 1
to 10 to succeed at snowflake? I tell I
have a lot of these conversations with
sales folks. I tell them you have to be
able to have a credible conversation
with either a business executive Yeah.
or somebody that is technical and be
able to distill out what's the problem
that really matters to them and how
Snowflake applies. You need to know that
much pattern matching. You don't need to
know what's like the technology
underneath. So for example, with
Snowflake, you can upload a bunch of
PDFs or images and do things like image
recognition. You know, you want to do
receipt totals, not a problem. You can
just upload stuff, you do that. As a
salesperson, you don't need to know
that's a tilt model. That's 7 billion
parameters that Snowflake developed.
That's all blah blah blah. But you need
to know, hey, if you want to extract
like numbers from a bunch of PDF
contracts, Snowflake can do that. So,
it's like you need to know the
application of technology to business.
Those are our best account exacts. Yeah.
I have a founder I work with and um they
closed a seven figure deal with OpenAI
and they had they had what they thought
was a relatively technical CRO but when
they went to close the seven figure deal
they just left them in the lobby.
I mean it says it all doesn't it? It's
like because the questions were just so
good that they really felt I have no
value. Now they're not at snowflake
scale but they do have a brand. It's an
extreme case, but I think about this. I
just there's just no value having that
guy in the room because the questions
from the open AI team are just too good.
There's just no point. You can't have
any, you know, talking about golf or who
won the NBA finals is just not helpful
to getting the VP of engineering to buy.
I mean, I really encourage all our folks
to use the products or use tools that
are built on our products. If you use
observe, you'll know a lot about like,
hey, what's going on underneath?
Similarly, if you use Sigma as a
dashboard and it runs on top of
Snowflake, you have a good feel for
data, what it's going to do. I think
applications is something that they
should be able to do and then pattern
matching like business problems to here
are things we can solve and separating
out. Yeah, this customer wants this zero
chance we can do this in the next 10
years. That's also important so you
don't make the wrong promise. Yeah, I
get it now. So we hit it and maybe we
hit it enough Jeremy, but so your team
is hyperfocused on enabling them to burn
down these commits, right? Yeah. The
nice huge unlock, right? The nice thing
it took us a while to get there, but the
snowflake rep is paid whether we burn
down credits that they've sold into the
account or whether it runs on our
multi-tenant SAS environment. Yeah. So
the the nice thing there is the rep
doesn't matter where observe is
deployed. We can deploy against the
customer snowflake tenant or we can
deploy it on a multi-tenant. But yeah,
the big incentive for the for the rep is
we're a very compute intensive workload.
We do 190 million snowflake queries a
day and we ingest a call. You got to
slow me 190 million million queries a
day and a lot of queries and a pabyte of
data a day we ingest. So we're a very
compute intensive workload which is
great to burn down credits out of like 5
billionish queries a day. So it's that
was the question I was 190 million out
of 5 billion. 5 billionish. So that's a
strategic partner. That's a strategic
partner then. Yeah. I know you're
together. I know. I'm just Well, you
also you also punch above your weight
class, right? Because you're at eight
figures in revenue, right? But and
snowflakes it's coming up on four
billion. Four and a half. Yeah. But
you're enabling you're punch sometimes
you punch above below your weight class,
right? Sometimes you have everyone in
the world uses you and you have no
revenue, but you're enabling even more
than your ARR, right? Yeah. I I I think
so. You're super aligned as partners.
And part of my own discovery over the
last 2 years has been in figuring out
what do different partners need. Yeah.
Jeremy, for example, honestly brings us
deals. He doesn't need a salesperson.
He's not shy about telling me that. what
he really needs is deep technical help
because he's like if I can make my 200
million queries go 25% faster he's like
dude that's a lot of money for me. Yeah.
And so figuring out what different
partners need is part of the challenge.
We've gotten much much better at sort of
aligning both who is inside Snowflake
helping them with what they need at a
broad level. I assume one way or another
through partners sis big guys. The
majority of Snowflake's revenue is
touched by partners of some form, right?
It's got to it's not the majority can't
be direct.
A lot of it. A lot of it. So, we have
some companies that had their own
engineering crew and will implement
their stuff. Yeah. We have a great
professional services team that will go
implement some projects, but the vast
majority they're done by system
integrators. So, just and just because
it is an interesting topic. I appreciate
you being here. your schedule's pretty
busy running running a company of stuff
like how much of your mental bandwidth
goes into like partners in the ecosystem
versus all the rest. How much time do
you have of your scarce time to to that
part? I actually spent a fair amount of
time on partners especially the gsis in
this world that is changing so rapidly
yeah with things like agentai a number
of them have pretty amazing solutions
that they have built several of them
Infosys for example
are cognizant have very large
engineering teams have built substantial
software engineering projects so working
with the accenturers the deoids the cap
geminis that's pretty important so I do
spend some time on that scale of motion.
The bulk of my time though goes first of
all with customers. I'm on the road half
the time. A lot of the time goes with
the product team and I spend like the
remaining time with partners and the go
to market team. Let's move on to a
different topic actually. But I just
think it's so what as um sometimes as
outsiders, as founders, which you've
been all of it, right? We're so jealous
of folks that have these inside
relationships, right? We're I want to be
one of these. I want to be one of the
observes and we don't realize what it's
like on the other side. You need trusted
partners, right? And everybody ends up
with an inner circle that like the game
isn't rigged against you like this is
software build whatever you want but
sometimes you're like how can I get this
relationship how can I get one of these
special relationships sometimes in some
ecosystems are a little mchaveli and I
don't think they are at snowflake but
how do I how do I get into the inner
circle
first of all this problem of how we make
partners successful is something we take
seriously and I think there is a lot of
similar similarity between how we take
new products that my team builds whether
we have a great data clean room solution
limited applicability. some set of
customers had customers wanted not
everyone and so we have now a very
rational model for how do we invest in
these things I tell my own engineers you
know if it's a 10% team and they think
they have a great idea I go that's
wonderful we have one person yeah to
take that product to market go make me 5
million bucks I'll give you the next
person and similarly with partners
there's a limited number of partners
that we can support because the sales
team is busy selling snowflake and the
It's just a limited time. It's just
limited coverage. And so what I tell
folks is there needs to be alignment.
For example, Snowflake investing money
in a partner in a startup without having
a serious intent to work on a
partnership to drive more joined revenue
together. It's kind of pointless because
we're not VCs. We don't offer you advice
for here is how you grow your company.
It is aligned investment. Similarly,
when it comes to partnerships,
we are increasingly headed to a place
where we have a like limited number of
them, dozens, but we invest
significantly. Yeah. And the thing that
I always tell any partner is unless
there's someone in Snowflake whose
career and future depends on you
succeeding, you don't have a
partnership. And by the way, that's true
for every company. Yeah. You never
believe a company that says like, "Hey,
welcome. You're a partner. Come spend
money on me." They just want your money.
Yeah. Yeah. So I mean getting in the
inner circle if you commit that
commitment shows through. You will build
relationships by virtue of the fact that
you know you are 100% committed to the
partnership. I'd also tell you that you
know how do you get into an inner
circle? I mean one of the things I wish
I'd done more is I was you know been out
in Silicon Valley probably 35 years now.
I wish I'd kept in touch with more
people. It's never been as easy to I'm
not too good at it either. Yeah. Are you
social? One of my old old bosses, Joe
Tucci, at ENC knew everyone. And I I I'd
ask him. I'm like, Joe, how do you know
everyone? Yeah. He's like, "Well, I I I
take time." I'm like, "What do you mean
I take time?" Oh, he takes time he takes
time out every week to keep in touch
with people. And uh there are very few
benefits of getting old, but one of them
is the older you are, you know, if
you've kept in touch with them. And the
temptation is only to go to somebody
when you need them, which is actually
the worst time to go to them. So the
other advice I give I mean I I know a
lot of people that do with Snowflake
like I used to play soccer with Tierry
at Oracle. Yeah. Mike Spiser used to
work for me back at Veritas. He was the
product manager for backup. Now I'm
asking him for money. So these
relationships are precious. So keep in
touch with more people. You Yeah. I
don't I don't know what how it works
with the world narrowing and getting
broader or something but it maybe it
goes like this at some point, right? It
it starts broad then it seems to narrow
at a certain point in your career,
right? And then things get bigger and
then you end up at a certain level where
I think that's a really like good life
lesson regardless of what age you are.
Yeah. You matter. Your relationships
matter. Yeah. And it's not about
technology can help fix some issues, but
it has to come from your heart. All of
you can tell the difference between
someone who goes, "Hey, how's it going?"
and walks right by. And someone that
stops and looks at your eyes and goes,
"Yeah, what's going on? How are you?"
Something I just want to dig into before
we run out of time.
Your key power users for in both spaces.
Okay. The data analyst, the data
engineer at Snowflake or describe your
key user and the DevOps engineer
at observe 12 months from now or pick
wherever you want in the age of AI in
2026.
How is their job going to change?
Because maybe it didn't change that much
from 2021 to 2025. Maybe the job was I
got better and better at my snowflake
queries and my workflows and is it going
to change in the next 12 to 18 months? I
think a data engineer currently spent a
lot of time setting up pipelines
manually figuring out what the right
column names are going to be or
extracting data and validating it,
writing tests for it or doing painful
migrations from one kind of database
over to to move that data into
Snowflake.
I think there's going to be a lot more
cursor style coding of these data
engineering workflows. I think things
like being able to extract metadata so
that the data set that you extract is
almost self-describing so that AI can
get to work on it. I think that is going
to be significantly different for data
engineers in a year, 2 years than what
it is today. You'll be more like an
orchestrator than the person that's
actually writing writing the code.
Similarly, I've spent sadly thousands of
hours doing data analysis. Literally
thousands of hours writing SQL queries,
making mistakes, figuring it out. And I
tell people, listen, I've written 2,000
line long SQL queries, you just a lot of
detail. Yeah. On the other hand, I think
what that data analyst instead of
writing millions of variations of
basically similar queries is now going
to be describing data sets. He's going
to be running these queries but he's
going to give semantic they're going to
give semantic context to what does this
query mean what does this data set mean
so that again that data becomes more AI
ready more self-describing so that now
tools like the uh the chat GPD research
I'm talking about can do so much more
with with these data sets so I think the
job goes from I needed to individually
write every line of code to I do the
meta work that lets my business users
get value from their data straight out
of the box. Does that mean that they'll
be doing geometrically more queries next
year? They'll be doing more on their
data. Well, we absolutely want more
business users to be going against the
data for data to be easier to access,
for people to be able to stitch things
together. Yeah. And that's part of the
reason why we are optimistic about our
future as a company because all of the
data that makes AI interesting is in
Snowflake. Yeah, I not a total expert,
but I would imagine even with as wildly
powerful and successful as Snowflake is
in a lot of enterprises, there's a
backlog. There's an insatiable demand
for I want to get it information out of
my data. I want reports. I want queries.
I want to figure out things out of my
data. And I think if you get if you
become cursoresque
you might have to answer 10 times as
many questions for your organ which is a
good thing but it might be very
different than it is today right that's
correct and this also is going to
increase the pressure for where do you
create value and remember at the end of
the day the CFO that looks at the
snowflake bill goes like wait this is
the second largest bill after AWS
you got to earn it even more next year
you got you got to earn value from the
data when I hear the narrative and it's
been a while since I lived it but boy of
staring at the dashboards staring at the
spikes I can't I mean I used to have
more hair before all this it's been a
little while as a founder but whether
it's 12 months or 24 months but in this
region can AI go so far as to not only
identify it so I don't need a dashboard
but can it wake me up and propose the
solution I'm speaking as a founder not
smart enough technically but that would
be nervana hi it's 11:12 I've noticed
this spike in issues in it. Yeah, I'm
90% sure this is the answer.
Jeremy, would you like me to execute
that and your super smart engineer just
decides with all of that collected, this
is the action, right? You know my search
ads team at Google had auto experiment
scaling which is an experiment would go
out to one process, one machine, then
two machines, then a whole data center,
then globally and we would look at
metrics every time and faster than
humans could. It would revert the thing
if it saw some significant deviation.
Yeah, every change that goes out at
Snowflake goes is guarded by what we
call parameters that get turned on in
order to enable a feature. 100%
parameter auto reverting. That's a thing
that's going to happen very soon. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I 100% agree. There's a little
bit of bootstrapping required because
once you've got AI looking at the
investigation and you've got the AI
doing the root cause analysis, you then
have better investigation history. So
when then when something comes in, yeah,
that the troubleshooting is going to be
on rails. The the biggest problem we
have right now is you see a problem, you
think it's something you've never seen
before. Actually, you have. You just
never root caused it. You never
documented it properly. And by the way,
when you need to search it, you can't
find it. Yeah, I mean go I tell you, you
know, I if there were no DevOps issues,
if there were no I probably wouldn't
have sold my last company, isn't it? The
stress the stress I'm seeing. I mean, it
just as a batter kills you. It just I
mean, it's part of it's it's
interesting. It's like golf. I don't
golf. I think you golf. You can't you
can never be perfect at golf, but I
guess you can never be perfect at
resource contention and memory leaks.
But man, I just this stuff just I would
love it if AI solves all this for us
magically. We never have to think about
these things. Yeah, we want to build
features, not fix problems. I mean,
that's I hope. All right, I know we're
over time. Did we get everything we both
wanted? Do we get everything out of
this? All right, thanks everybody.